README.md, before:

# SlothWerks LLC
## Placeholder Website

### Why a placeholder website?

Our production time right now is focused on our clients, and the workload is only increasing.  We do not have time to develop a full-fledged site with a portfolio, images, video, and other content.

That said:  the current [SlothWerks website](http://www.slothwerks.com/) was built with Wordpress back in 2013.  It references a [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/slothwerks/) that is totally unused and includes legacy products we no longer offer.  Frankly, *anything* would be better than what we have right now.

### Why build this on GitHub?

This allows us to explore some of the newer options available on GitHub, such as [project boards](https://help.github.com/articles/about-project-boards/).  It also will force us to organize our information in a repo [wiki](https://github.com/slothwerks-studio/slothwerks-placeholder-site/wiki) and keep track of updates in [Issues](https://github.com/slothwerks-studio/slothwerks-placeholder-site/issues).

### Is this website online?

Sure.  Check out the live site [here](https://slothwerks-studio.github.io/slothwerks-placeholder-site/).

Commit message:

Updated README.md with link to the slothwerks-site-react project.

README.md, after:

# SlothWerks LLC
## Placeholder Website

### Why a placeholder website?

Our production time right now is focused on our clients, and the workload is only increasing.  We do not have time to develop a full-fledged site with a portfolio, images, video, and other content.

That said:  the current [SlothWerks website](http://www.slothwerks.com/) was built with Wordpress back in 2013.  It references a [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/slothwerks/) that is totally unused and includes legacy products we no longer offer.  Frankly, *anything* would be better than what we have right now.

### Why build this on GitHub?

This allows us to explore some of the newer options available on GitHub, such as [project boards](https://help.github.com/articles/about-project-boards/).  It also will force us to organize our information in a repo [wiki](https://github.com/slothwerks-studio/slothwerks-placeholder-site/wiki) and keep track of updates in [Issues](https://github.com/slothwerks-studio/slothwerks-placeholder-site/issues).

### We looked at your ode and noticed this was straight HTML, CSS, and vanilla JavaScript.  Really?

Yes, really.  But we also realized that if we expanded the site it would become difficult to maintain without the use of contemporary web frameworks.  This is why we moved over to a [React-based site](https://github.com/slothwerks-studio/slothwerks-site-react).

### Can we see a live demo?

Sure.  Check out the live demo [here](https://slothwerks-studio.github.io/slothwerks-placeholder-site/).
